[expo-notifications] Do not consider pending notification response delivered unless they're delivered to expo-notifications (#11378)
expo/expo: packages/expo-notifications/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed migration process to **not** use `expo-constants` installation ID if there is a notifications-specific identifier. ([#11287](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11287) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))
- Changed the visibility of Android's `InstallationId#getNonBackedUpUuidFile` method so it's easier to override by custom implementations. ([#11249](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11249) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))

> - Fixed initial notification response (causing the application to start) not being delivered (only standalone applications in managed workflow). ([#11378](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11378) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))

Author: ```suggestion
- Added extra check for marking pending notification responses as delivered which prevents legacy Expo notifications to consume notification responses when we don't want it to which should help fix initial notification response (causing the application to start) not being delivered (only in iOS standalone applications in Expo managed workflow). ([#11378](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11378) by [@sjchmiela](https://github.com/sjchmiela))
```
